README.md, before:

# Tributary
Tributary allows you to share live-editable code snippets. These snippets will
most likely use d3.js and allow a user to play with code in a very responsive
way.

Tributary is innovation on principle, taking the excellent work of Gabriel
Florit which was in turn inspired by Bret Victor's genius and making it sharable.

Tributary is a labor of love by Ian '@enjalot' Johnson and EJ '@mrejfox' Fox.

# Usage:
Start typing into the code editor and watch your code come to life!
If you want to save your work you can click the fork button and it will save into a gist.
The url in your browser will update to something like:
http://tributary.io/inlet/2165875

where the number: 2165875 is the gist id 
(you can see it here: https://gist.github.com/2165875 ) 


# Development:
Tributary is an experimental environment and an experimental project. We are playing with
different "views" on code which have different assumptions. Once you get into it you may
find you want to make your own view. 

It's not too hard, just adding one endpoint to the backend, making a new template html and a new view javascript file.

If you want to have github authentication working you will need to setup a github app and fill out the local_settings.py (see local_settings_example.py)
The FLASK_SECRET_KEY is just a random string that's supposed to be unique to protect your sessions

On the backend tributary only depends on Flask:
```
sudo easy_install flask
```
To deploy locally run
```
git clone https://github.com/enjalot/tributary
cd ./tributary
python app.py
```

If you want to deploy behind apache, check out the sample apache config in server/sample_apache_config.txt
If you want to setup wsgi there is a sample wsgi file in deploy/sample_tributary.wsgi (you can copy it into the base directory to match the sample apache config)


Reserved properties of the tributary object:
tributary.initialize  
tributary.init  
tributary.run  
tributary.g  
tributary.ctx  
tributary.t  
tributary.dt  
tributary.loop  
tributary.autoinit  
tributary.pause  
tributary.loop_type  
tributary.bv  
tributary.nclones  
tributary.clone_opacity  
tributary.duration  
tributary.ease  
tributary.reverse  
tributary.render  

Frontend JS src file compilation with make to static requires node.js and uglify-js
```
npm install uglify-js
```

### TODO:  

#### Editor UI:  
+ re-enable vim and emacs mode (add ui for those selections somewhere)  
+ re-enable local storage backups per editor (need it so you can load code back but not execute it)  

#### File UI:  
+ open file from disk (file dialog)  
+ edit filename  
+ delete files  

+ Embedding example (simpler UI, assemble from fewer pieces)  

+ Make BV button work for any of the renders (not just svg)

Commit message:

using handlebars for templates. mostly converted

README.md, after:

# Tributary
Tributary allows you to share live-editable code snippets. These snippets will
most likely use d3.js and allow a user to play with code in a very responsive
way.

Tributary is innovation on principle, taking the excellent work of Gabriel
Florit which was in turn inspired by Bret Victor's genius and making it sharable.

Tributary is a labor of love by Ian '@enjalot' Johnson and EJ '@mrejfox' Fox.

# Usage:
Start typing into the code editor and watch your code come to life!
If you want to save your work you can click the fork button and it will save into a gist.
The url in your browser will update to something like:
http://tributary.io/inlet/2165875

where the number: 2165875 is the gist id 
(you can see it here: https://gist.github.com/2165875 ) 


# Development:
Tributary is an experimental environment and an experimental project. We are playing with
different "views" on code which have different assumptions. Once you get into it you may
find you want to make your own view. 

It's not too hard, just adding one endpoint to the backend, making a new template html and a new view javascript file.

If you want to have github authentication working you will need to setup a github app and fill out the local_settings.py (see local_settings_example.py)
The FLASK_SECRET_KEY is just a random string that's supposed to be unique to protect your sessions

On the backend tributary only depends on Flask:
```
sudo easy_install flask
```
To deploy locally run
```
git clone https://github.com/enjalot/tributary
cd ./tributary
python app.py
```

If you want to deploy behind apache, check out the sample apache config in server/sample_apache_config.txt
If you want to setup wsgi there is a sample wsgi file in deploy/sample_tributary.wsgi (you can copy it into the base directory to match the sample apache config)

Frontend JS src file compilation with make to static requires node.js and uglify-js
```
npm install
```

You need to compile the frontend code and templates using make:
```
make
```
You can check the Makefile to see how it's done with uglify and handlebars



Reserved properties of the tributary object:
tributary.initialize  
tributary.init  
tributary.run  
tributary.g  
tributary.ctx  
tributary.t  
tributary.dt  
tributary.loop  
tributary.autoinit  
tributary.pause  
tributary.loop_type  
tributary.bv  
tributary.nclones  
tributary.clone_opacity  
tributary.duration  
tributary.ease  
tributary.reverse  
tributary.render  


### TODO:  

#### Editor UI:  
+ re-enable vim and emacs mode (add ui for those selections somewhere)  
+ re-enable local storage backups per editor (need it so you can load code back but not execute it)  

#### File UI:  
+ open file from disk (file dialog)  
+ edit filename  
+ delete files  

+ Embedding example (simpler UI, assemble from fewer pieces)  

+ Make BV button work for any of the renders (not just svg)
